{
"Abrasion": ["8a5nLRdGq8M", "Protect and cover the abrasion with a bandage or a piece of gauze with tape. This helps keep the wound clean, prevents bacteria from infecting the area, and helps keep the wound from reopening. Remember to change the dressing at least once a day, or when the affected area gets wet or dirty."],
"Blister": ["i0WG4ZXODS4", "Blisters on the feet can be prevented by wearing comfortable, well-fitting shoes and clean socks. While exercising or playing sports, special sports socks can help keep feet drier and reduce the chance of blisters."],
"Burn": ["OQqJ3-v6a8A", "For minor burns: Cool the burn to help soothe the pain; Remove rings or other tight items from the burned area; Don't break small blisters; Apply moisturizer or aloe vera lotion or gel; If needed, take an over-the-counter pain reliever; Consider a tetanus shot"],
"Bursitis": ["2C9auc2Nnog", "If you are planning to start exercising, you will be less likely to get bursitis if you gradually build up force and repetitions. Stop what you are doing if unusual pain occurs."],
"Concussion": ["SrJclIl60wg", "Helmets have been shown to reduce the risk of some head injuries. A good way to reduce the risk of concussion is to strengthen the neck and shoulder muscles. Strength training that works these areas can help the body absorb the shock of a blow to the head."],
"Contusion": ["7ETfL6jlb5c", "In the first phase of rehabilitation of a contusion, an occupational therapist may become involved by educating the patient about proper crutch use and tailoring the patient's activities of daily living (ADL) to the immobilized limb."],
"Dehydration": ["rdQpwchs_qM", "To prevent dehydration, drink plenty of fluids and eat foods high in water such as fruits and vegetables. Letting thirst be your guide is an adequate daily guideline for most healthy people."],
"Dislocation": ["Mf6IYyEmQ-U", "Use handrails when going up and down staircases. Keep a first aid kit in the area. Use nonskid mats in wet areas, such as bathrooms. Move electrical cords off the floor. Avoid use of throw rugs."],
"Fracture": ["omcyh8-aL24", "Consume adequate amounts of calcium and vitamin D; Ask your doctor about a bone mineral density test; Ask about medications to slow bone loss and reduce fracture risk."],
"Heatstroke/heat exhaustion": ["JhEIypDhxuk", "Wear lightweight, light-colored, loose-fitting clothing, and a wide-brimmed hat; Use a sunscreen with a sun protection factor (SPF) of 30 or more; Drink extra fluids."],
"Hemorrhage": ["qkdQNhoI9Hg", "Be sure to utilize any and all relaxation and breathing techniques and not tense your abdominal muscles. If it is too painful, medications can also be used. This will be done with decreasing frequency after the birth, as your bleeding slows."],
"Hernia": ["VM4BBdNlJMw", "Not smoking; seeing your doctor when you're sick to avoid developing a persistent cough; avoiding straining during bowel movements or urination; avoiding lifting weights that are too heavy for you."],
"Hyperextension": ["VfVgWgw3NdU", "Apply tape to the posterior knee; Passively stretch quadriceps; Apply deep tissue massage to relax and lengthen quadriceps; If you think it falls within your professional remit, provide exercises to strengthen knee flexors."],
"Inflammation": ["vfHN-fKTiyA", "Eat more plant-based, whole, nutrient-dense foods; Focus on gut health; Identify and address food allergies and chronic (or hidden) infections; Relax and rest more; Reduce toxins in your food, home, and personal care products."],
"Internal injury (nonhemorrhage)": ["SnfEmezg7eY", "In mild cases of internal bleeding, treatment typically involves rest and symptom control. Rest gives your body time to heal while it reabsorbs the blood and the inflammation decreases;  Surgery may be necessary to stop the bleeding and clean out any pooled blood."],
"Laceration": ["TUq4mpZeU-g", "Wear proper safety gear; eyewear, gloves, sleeves; Use the proper tool for the job; Keep the item you are cutting secured; don't hold work in hand while cutting."],
"Ligament sprain": ["3JJayVC0-20", "Apply ice for 20 minutes each two to three hours for the first few days until the 'heat' comes out of the injury. Ice should also help to reduce your pain and swelling in traumatic soft tissue injuries."],
"Muscle strain": ["hrO3o5pdBr8", "The amount of swelling or local bleeding into the muscle (from torn blood vessels) can best be managed early by applying ice packs and maintaining the strained muscle in a stretched position. Heat can be applied when the swelling has lessened."],
"Nerve Injury": ["SwncVoE7Ls8", "Keep Your Blood Glucose Levels in Your Target Range; Report symptoms of diabetic neuropathy; If you have problems, get treatment right away. Early treatment can help prevent more problems later on."],
"Separation": ["gptlrcZNN7M", "Your doctor can diagnose your condition by giving you a physical exam and taking X-rays. You might receive treatment with splints, casts, reduction of your joint, and pain medicines."],
"Stress Fracture": ["fk0K3mYbPFc", "Start any new exercise program slowly and progress gradually; Add low-impact activities to your exercise regimen to avoid repetitively stressing a particular part of your body; To keep your bones strong, make sure your diet includes adequate calcium, vitamin D and other nutrients."],
"Tendonitis": ["HZ4aLR55PJY", "Warm up thoroughly, gradually building the intensity level of your workout. Cool down after the session; Train for a new sport before you start it. Start building strength and flexibility in the muscles you will use a few weeks or months in advance."],
"Tendon Strain": ["YGzmpyHnWgc", "Rest the affected area and avoid any activity that may cause pain; Apply ice or cold packs as soon as you notice pain and tenderness in your muscles or near a joint; Do range-of-motion exercises each day."],
"Torn cartilage": ["uEmnz5prNo", "A common injury in which forceful twisting causes certain tissue in the knee to tear. Be especially careful doing squats to avoid excessive compression of the meniscus. Work with a knowledgeable coach to ensure proper sport-specific technique to reduce the risk of meniscus injuries."],
"Frostbite/cold related": ["zBBClrJUBcU", "A condition in which skin and the tissue just below the skin freeze. With frostbite, the skin gets very cold, then numb, hard, and pale. Mild cases can be treated with gradual warming. Severe cases require medical care to prevent complications."],
"Subluxation": ["z7USK15hEwU", "A partial dislocation. In medicine, a subluxation is an incomplete or partial dislocation of a joint or organ.[1] According to the WHO, it is a 'significant structural displacement', and therefore, unlike the chiropractic 'vertebral subluxation', is always visible on static imaging studies, such as X-rays.[2] The exact definition depends on the anatomical part being involved."],
"Skin infection": ["uTAOGMqb9zs", "An infection of the skin that can be caused by bacteria, fungus, viruses, or parasites. Hand washing (hand hygiene) is the most important way to prevent the spread of skin infections in any setting. If soap and water are not available and your hands are not visibly dirty, use an alcohol-based hand sanitizer (60% alcohol or greater) if permitted by your school or athletic club. If alcohol-based hand sanitizers are not allowed or are unavailable, hand sanitizers that do not contain alcohol may also be useful."],
"Infection (other than skin)": ["PuH2u-EM5MI", "Understanding how infections are transmitted can help you avoid getting sick; Good hygiene: the primary way to prevent infections; Practice good food-safety techniques to avoid getting sick; Vaccinations are essential if you are to avoid getting sick."],
"Cardiac event (acute)": ["7hEw4o06Fwc", "Acute coronary syndrome is a term used to describe a range of conditions associated with sudden, reduced blood flow to the heart. One condition under the umbrella of acute coronary syndrome is myocardial infarction (heart attack) — when cell death results in damaged or destroyed heart tissue."],
"Chronic disease/trait (diabetes, sickle cell)": ["dSjdDZF1Lfg", "Personality traits are also associated with disease progression. ... Once the acute phase of the disease is treated, the psychological changes associated with the disease usually return to normal. In contrast, individuals suffering from chronic diseases may face permanent changes to their personality."],
"Respiratory event (Acute)": ["RIPKjabt5u0", "Patients developing ARDS are critically ill, often with multisystem organ failure, and they may not be capable of providing historical information. Typically, the illness develops within 12-48 hours after the inciting event, although, in rare instances, it may take up to a few days."],
"Apophysitis": ["e1CabiNKH4A", "Perform a proper warm-up before starting any activity. Ten minutes of light jogging, cycling, or calisthenics before practice will increase circulation to cold muscles, making them more pliable so that they put less stress and tension on their attachment sites (apophyses). Stretch tight muscle groups."],
"Plantar fasciitis": ["vF7HkfcPrU4", "An inflammation of a thick band of tissue that connects the heel bone to the toes. The inflamed tissue runs across the bottom of the foot. Treatments include physical therapy, shoe inserts, steroid injections, and surgery."],
"Shin splints": ["j-qMgIMOt-I", "Shin splints result when muscles, tendons, and bone tissue become overworked. Shin splints often occur in athletes who've recently intensified or changed their training routines. The main symptom is pain in the leg. Treatment includes rest, ice, and pain relievers."],
"Spondylolysis": ["7TjXTMkQewE", "(spon-dee-low-lye-sis) is defined as a defect or stress fracture in the pars interarticularis of the vertebral arch. The vast majority of cases occur in the lower lumbar vertebrae (L5), but spondylolysis may also occur in the cervical vertebrae."]
}
